Added something to the about (#39)
CAKE-DRI/CAKE-DRI.github.io: _pages/about.md

The Computational Abilities Knowledge Exchange (CAKE) Network+ is dedicated to providing a sense of community within the Digital Research Infrastructure (DRI) programme and the UK’s wider large-scale computing community. Outward facing and keen to attract new communities, this network is a central hub that brings projects together to enable them to share their successes, achievements and explore how to most effectively work together and leverage each other’s work.

We remove barriers that prevent effective knowledge exchange: taking care of the best practices, tools and resources, so you can focus on connecting, collaborating and driving progress.

> ## What we provide

Reviewer: Do we need to mention fellowships, retreats, exchanges...? Maybe add the picture from the presentation?

- **Outreach** CAKE represents DRI projects on national and international 
  conferences such as CIUK or the Supercomputing conference series. If your
  project has outreach material (give aways, posters, videos, flyers, ...) 

>   but you do not want to go the events yourself, CAKE can accept your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  CAKE can display your
```

>   dissemination material and ensure it is presented to our target audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dissemination material and ensure it is presented to the target audience at our CAKE stall.
```

- **Best Practices** Designing EDI guidelines, code of conducts, conference
  instructions, ... can quickly become an overwhelming task. CAKE collects
  templates for these tasks to allow projects to focus on their unique core
  mission.
 

## Engage

> CAKE realises the majority of its day-to-day work through a joint Slack.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAKE does a lot of its day-to-day communication through a joint Slack.  
```
